Add an architecture documentation (#2022)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/dev/ARCHITECTURE.md

- cmake: cmake macros and functions, used by the CMake build system
- doc: this very documentation
- examples: examples usage of the libf3d and plugin framework in python and C++
- external: dependencies that are included directly in the code
- java: [java bindings](../libf3d/LANGUAGE_BINDINGS.md#java-experimental) and associated tests.
- **library**: the [libf3d](../libf3d/README_LIBF3D.md) itself, see below
- **plugins**: all the [plugins](../libf3d/PLUGINS.md) providing different readers, see below
- python: [python bindings](../libf3d/LANGUAGE_BINDINGS.md#python) and tests
- resources: all non code, non doc, like icon, configs and such
- testing: all testing related resources, does not contain the test themselves
- **vtkext**: extensions to VTK and related tests, see below
- webassembly: [webassembly/javascript bindings](../libf3d/LANGUAGE_BINDINGS.md#javascript-experimental) and [F3DWeb](https://f3d.app/web/) application code
- winshellext: shell extension for Windows, provide [thumbnails for Windows](../user/DESKTOP_INTEGRATION.md#windows)

Here is diagram explaining how some of these parts interact together:

> <img src="https://media.githubusercontent.com/media/f3d-app/f3d-media/c43c1367a2aac4c9a3bdd478bdac3ffefe82750e/media/archi.png" width="700">

Reviewer: nice diagram :)

## vtkext

> `vtkext` contains two [VTK modules](https://docs.vtk.org/en/latest/api/cmake/ModuleSystem.html) that are used extensively in the libf3d and the plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vtkext` contains two [VTK modules](https://docs.vtk.org/en/latest/api/cmake/ModuleSystem.html) that are used extensively in the libf3d. The public one is used in the plugins.
```

> `public` is a VTK module that contains classes and utilities that can be installed and used by plugins, including externals plugins. `vtkF3DImporter` is a class

Reviewer: Please specify the public is part of the SDK, but the private one is not.

Author: add a mention of `plugin_sdk` but im not sure this is what you had in mind
